FWI-3280 - Vv/add docs for reports cfg api/fwi 3280 (#266)
FairwindsOps/insights-docs: docs/configure/ci/autoscan.md

*Documentation coming soon!*

## Using Auto-Scan to Scan Private Images
You can now scan private container images by setting up docker registries information in Fairwinds Insights via API.

> These information will be used to authenticate/authorize against your docker registry and fetch private image container to be scanned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information will be used to authenticate/authorize against your docker registry and fetch the private image container to be scanned.
```

Re-running an Auto-Scan job usually takes a few minutes. Look for the 'Completed' status to see your latest results.

## Manifests auto-discovery
Unlike Insights CI integration, Auto-Scan does not require users to create a `fairwinds-insights.yaml` configuration file at the base of their GitHub repository. This is because Auto-Scan will automatically crawl and discover YAML manifests, Helm charts, and docker images available for scanning.

### Reports Configuration

> When using auto-discovery, all reports are `enabled` by default, if you want to further customize. It is possible to manually configure it via API using CURL:

Reviewer: When using auto-discovery, all reports are `enabled` by default. To customize this, you can manually configure via API using CURL:
